{
  "name": "Private Investigator",
  "description": "A figure in a floor-sweeping coat sits at a desk, papers strewn all around them. A woman in a perfectly tailored skirt and blouse checks a pocket watch, looking out of an upper-story window at the street below. Private Investigators are a reclusive, withdrawn profession, relying on their street smarts to solve cases from suspected adultery to murder. They are solitary, spending their time pondering the worst qualities of the world and trying to figure out where it all went wrong. Many are former police officers, or city guards who could no longer take the frustration of being bound by red tape.",
  "proficiencies": {
    "armor": ["Light armor"],
    "weapons": ["Simple weapons", "Firearms"],
    "tools": ["Thieves' tools", "Investigation kit"],
    "saving_throws": ["Dexterity", "Wisdom"],
    "skills": ["Acrobatics", "Athletics", "Deception", "Insight", "Investigation", "Perception", "Persuasion", "Sleight of Hand", "Stealth"]
  },
  "class_features": [    {      "name": "Firearm Proficiency",      "description": "Private investigators are trained in the use of firearms, giving them an edge in combat. They gain proficiency with all firearms."    },    {      "name": "Investigator's Insight",      "description": "At 1st level, you gain the ability to read people and uncover secrets. You can use your bonus action to make an Insight check against a creature you can see within 30 feet of you. If you succeed, you gain insight into the creature's intentions and motivations. You can also use this ability to search an area for hidden objects or clues. If you succeed on an Investigation check, you find a hidden object or clue that would normally be difficult to find."    },    {      "name": "Sneak Attack",      "description": "At 3rd level, you gain the ability to strike with deadly precision. Once per turn, you can deal extra damage to a creature you hit with a ranged weapon attack or a finesse weapon attack. The extra damage is 1d6 at 3rd level, and increases to 2d6 at 5th level, 3d6 at 7th level, 4d6 at 9th level, 5d6 at 11th level, 6d6 at 13th level, and 7d6 at 15th level."    },    {      "name": "Tracking Expertise",      "description": "At 6th level, you gain expertise in tracking creatures and people. You can use your bonus action to make a Survival check to track a creature. If you succeed, you gain insight into the creature's whereabouts and movements. You also gain advantage on any Wisdom (Survival) checks to track creatures."    },    {      "name": "Mystery Solver",      "description": "At 14th level, you gain the ability to solve even the most complex mysteries. You gain advantage on any Intelligence (Investigation) checks to uncover hidden information, and you can also use your Investigator's Insight ability to gain insight into the true nature of a mystery or problem."    }  ]
}
