echo "# Caledon" >> README.md
git init
git add README.md
git commit -m "first commit"
git branch -M main
git remote add origin https://github.com/mossandflower/Caledon.git
git push -u origin main 
{
  "title": "Caledon",
  "description": "Dark, smokey, and full of mystery, the dimly lit streets of Merrick swirl with fog as a woman's scream rings through the night. Nothing stirs, but boots echo along the cobblestones to the source of the noise. A whistle blows...
Set in the Edwardian era, or adjacent to it, Caledon is an industrial and turbulent world. Bards play in taverns as steam trains go by overhead. Humans rub shoulders with satyrs, dwarfs, and tieflings.
The Edwardian era was known for its opulence, refinement, and attention to detail. Caledon is a dark and mysterious place, shrouded in magic and steeped in tradition. In Caledon, magic is an integral part of everyday life. The powerful and wealthy wield it as a tool for control, while the lower classes use it for survival.


The capital city, Merrik, is a sprawling metropolis of towering spires, grand architecture, and labyrinthine streets. Merrik is the centre of power in Caledon, home to the ruling aristocracy and the headquarters of the powerful Librarians.
In Caledon, magic is controlled by the Librarians, a powerful organization that trains and regulates the use of magic. The Librarians are a formidable force, exerting influence over the entire world and enforcing strict laws to prevent the abuse of magic.
However, there is a growing undercurrent of dissent among the lower classes. Many feel oppressed by the Librarian’s control and resent their monopoly on magic. There are whispers of a secret society of rogue magicians who are plotting to overthrow the Library and bring balance to the world.
Despite its darkness, Caledon is a world of incredible beauty. From the rolling hills of the countryside to the glittering waters of the coastal cities, there is a sense of magic and wonder to be found everywhere. And yet, beneath the surface, there is danger lurking, as dark forces seek to exploit the power of magic for their own gain.
": [
    {
      "title": "Magic System",
      "description": "Magic is colloquially called sparks, and mages are known as wielders. Major magical capabilities are limited by their location. Most Wielder schools and places of study are dictated by the availability of magic to them. Conversely, you will usually not find Wielders far from ley lines. The further away from major points of ley line intersection, the more difficult magic is to control and generate.
"
    },
    
  ],
  "installation": [
    {
      "title": "Requirements",
      "description": "In order to use Caledon, you will need a copy of the Dungeons & Dragons 5th Edition Player's Handbook, as well as a set of dice (or a dice rolling app)."
    },
    {
      "title": "Installation",
      "description": "To use Caledon in your D&D game, simply add the world to your campaign setting and create characters using the races, classes, and other features available in the world. You can also use the adventure hooks provided to create exciting and engaging quests for your players to undertake."
    }
  ],
  "credits": [
    {
      "name": "mossandflower",
      "contribution": "Creator of Caledon"
   
 
